hey guys for our blurry update of the
week
we just got Incredibles for the first
time ever in blu-ray high-definition
release today April 12
this one is a four disc two discs
blu-ray one DVD one digital copy as you
can see right here four discs also comes
with the Disney movie rewards then show
you the back over here as you can see
right here ABC it is region free and of
course the DVD just region one so let's
open this one together and let's see
what goodies we're going to find today
let me get the rewards code here the
flyer the code it just comes with a get
a free movie admission to cost you seems
all you have to do is go to the Disney
Movie Rewards put your code follow the
simple steps and printer voucher the
voucher is going to be your movie
tickets so here we have those
conventional cases with the blue rain
very cool design
here's the bonus material in blu-ray
here's the DVD and the digital copy of
course so let's go with this again the
blu-ray ABC region free and the bonus in
blu-ray also ABC so they're both region
free let's let me show you up close here
the specs okay so if you've seen my
videos before if you subscribe to my
channel you probably know how I how I do
my videos so for this one I'm also going
to post the link to the Disney movie
rewards where you can get the $10 off
it's pretty simple you just go to the
Disney movie rewards if you have an
Incredibles DVD of course you have to
put your the product code put it in and
then you're going to print the coupon
it's a $10 coupon you can bring to your
Best Buy Walmart whatever so price-wise
I don't know about that fly but I do
know that Walmart is selling this one
for $35 but if you go to amazon.com it's
25 so you're ready getting your $10 off
right there right on the spot so you
don't have to go to all these paperwork
here so but it's up to you I mean what
else can we save you
Oh something else this movie The
Incredibles it's really incredible the
image and audio of course I'm going to
give 10 stars for the picture quality I
mean everything from Disney picture it's
always the best but the thing is I'm
upset is the sound the sound is 5.1 you
know I'm really pissed about the samp
why they did not bring a 7.1 this is one
of the loudest Pixar movie that you can
enjoy 7.1 I mean you have
everything else you have 10 goats from
Bambi
Fantasia Pinocchio Toy Story 3 million
bees is Snow White in 7.1 what this one
has to be 5.1 so you know regarding the
sound I'm pretty pissed
okay so just don't forget this one is
just a four-disc not 5 and feel free to
ask any questions you might have
thanks again for watching my videos and
see you next time